README.md, before:

PasswordStrengthBundle
=============================

<p align="center">
<a href="https://github.com/SimformSolutionsPvtLtd/PasswordStrengthBundle/actions"><img src="https://github.com/SimformSolutionsPvtLtd/PasswordStrengthBundle/actions/workflows/symfony.yml/badge.svg" alt="Build Status"></a>
<img src="https://img.shields.io/github/downloads/SimformSolutionsPvtLtd/PasswordStrengthBundle/total" />
</p>

The PasswordStrengthBundle offers a validator that guarantees strong passwords in Symfony6 applications. 

This bundle includes a variety of validations, such as minimum length, the inclusion of alphabetic and/or numeric characters, the use of mixed-case characters, and the use of "special" characters (unicode characters in the Control, Mark, Punctuation, Symbol, and Separator classes).

## Documentation

Documentation is available
at [docs/index.md](https://github.com/SimformSolutionsPvtLtd/PasswordStrengthBundle/blob/master/docs/index.md)


## License

This bundle is under the MIT license. See the complete license in the bundle:

- [LICENSE](https://github.com/SimformSolutionsPvtLtd/PasswordStrengthBundle/blob/master/LICENSE)

Commit message:

add Symfony 7, link to tutorial

README.md, after:

PasswordStrengthBundle
=============================

<p align="center">
<a href="https://github.com/SimformSolutionsPvtLtd/PasswordStrengthBundle/actions"><img src="https://github.com/SimformSolutionsPvtLtd/PasswordStrengthBundle/actions/workflows/symfony.yml/badge.svg" alt="Build Status"></a>
<img src="https://img.shields.io/github/downloads/SimformSolutionsPvtLtd/PasswordStrengthBundle/total" />
</p>

The PasswordStrengthBundle offers a validator that guarantees strong passwords in Symfony 6 and 7 applications. 

This bundle includes a variety of validations, such as minimum length, the inclusion of alphabetic and/or numeric characters, the use of mixed-case characters, and the use of "special" characters (unicode characters in the Control, Mark, Punctuation, Symbol, and Separator classes).

## Documentation

A detailed tutorial about creating this bundle is available at https://medium.com/simform-engineering/how-to-create-a-bundle-in-symfony-18bf584835d1.  
Documentation is available
at [docs/index.md](https://github.com/SimformSolutionsPvtLtd/PasswordStrengthBundle/blob/master/docs/index.md)


## License

This bundle is under the MIT license. See the complete license in the bundle:

- [LICENSE](https://github.com/SimformSolutionsPvtLtd/PasswordStrengthBundle/blob/master/LICENSE)
